# Question 41

## Topic
Design High-Performing Architectures

## Question
A company needs to implement a solution that will process real-time streaming data of its users across the globe. This will enable them to track and analyze globally-distributed user activity on their website and mobile applications, including clickstream analysis. The solution should process the data in close geographical proximity to their users and respond to user requests at low latencies.

Which of the following is the most suitable solution for this scenario?

## Options
A. Integrate CloudFront with Lambda@Edge in order to process the data in close geographical proximity to users and respond to user requests at low latencies. Process real-time streaming data using Kinesis and durably store the results to an Amazon S3 bucket.

B. Integrate CloudFront with Lambda@Edge in order to process the data in close geographical proximity to users and respond to user requests at low latencies. Process real-time streaming data using Amazon Athena and durably store the results to an Amazon S3 bucket.

C. Use a CloudFront web distribution and Route 53 with a Geoproximity routing policy in order to process the data in close geographical proximity to users and respond to user requests at low latencies. Process real-time streaming data using Kinesis and durably store the results to an Amazon S3 bucket.

D. Use a CloudFront web distribution and Route 53 with a latency-based routing policy, in order to process the data in close geographical proximity to users and respond to user requests at low latencies. Process real-time streaming data using Kinesis and durably store the results to an Amazon S3 bucket.

## Correct Answer
A

## Explanation
Lambda@Edge is a feature of Amazon CloudFront that lets you run code closer to users of your application, which improves performance and reduces latency. With Lambda@Edge, you don't have to provision or manage infrastructure in multiple locations around the world. You pay only for the compute time you consume - there is no charge when your code is not running.

With Lambda@Edge, you can enrich your web applications by making them globally distributed and improving their performance — all with zero server administration. Lambda@Edge runs your code in response to events generated by the Amazon CloudFront content delivery network (CDN). Just upload your code to AWS Lambda, which takes care of everything required to run and scale your code with high availability at an AWS location closest to your end user.

By using Lambda@Edge and Kinesis together, you can process real-time streaming data so that you can track and analyze globally-distributed user activity on your website and mobile applications, including clickstream analysis. Hence, the correct answer in this scenario is the option that says: Integrate CloudFront with Lambda@Edge in order to process the data in close geographical proximity to users and respond to user requests at low latencies. Process real-time streaming data using Kinesis and durably store the results to an Amazon S3 bucket.

References:

https://aws.amazon.com/lambda/edge/

https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/networking-and-content-delivery/global-data-ingestion-with-amazon-cloudfront-and-lambdaedge/

**Why other options are incorrect:**

- The options that say: Use a CloudFront web distribution and Route 53 with a latency-based routing policy, in order to process the data in close geographical proximity to users and respond to user requests at low latencies. Process real-time streaming data using Kinesis and durably store the results to an Amazon S3 bucket and Use a CloudFront web distribution and Route 53 with a Geoproximity routing policy in order to process the data in close geographical proximity to users and respond to user requests at low latencies. Process real-time streaming data using Kinesis and durably store the results to an Amazon S3 bucket are both incorrect because you can only route traffic using Route 53 since it does not have any computing capability. This solution would not be able to process and return the data in close geographical proximity to your users since it is not using Lambda@Edge.

- The option that says: Integrate CloudFront with Lambda@Edge in order to process the data in close geographical proximity to users and respond to user requests at low latencies. Process real-time streaming data using Amazon Athena and durably store the results to an Amazon S3 bucket is incorrect. Although using Lambda@Edge is correct, Amazon Athena is just an interactive query service that enables you to easily analyze data in Amazon S3 using standard SQL. Kinesis should be used to process the streaming data in real time.

