# Question 18

A pharmaceutical company has resources hosted on both its on-premises network and in the AWS cloud. The company requires all Software Architects to access resources in both environments using on-premises credentials, which are stored in Active Directory.

In this scenario, which of the following can be used to fulfill this requirement?

## Options

A. Set up SAML 2.0-Based Federation by using a Microsoft Active Directory Federation Service.

B. Use IAM users

C. Use Amazon VPC

D. Set up SAML 2.0-Based Federation by using a Web Identity Federation.

## Correct Answer

**A. Set up SAML 2.0-Based Federation by using a Microsoft Active Directory Federation Service.**

## Explanation

Since the company is using Microsoft Active Directory which implements Security Assertion Markup Language (SAML), you can set up a SAML-Based Federation for API Access to your AWS cloud. In this way, you can easily connect to AWS using the login credentials of your on-premises network.

AWS supports identity federation with SAML 2.0, an open standard that many identity providers (IdPs) use. This feature enables federated single sign-on (SSO), so users can log into the AWS Management Console or call the AWS APIs without you having to create an IAM user for everyone in your organization.

### Why other options are incorrect:

- **D** - Web Identity Federation is primarily used to let users sign in via well-known external identity providers (IdP), such as Login with Amazon, Facebook, Google. It does not utilize Active Directory.

- **B** - The situation requires using the existing credentials stored in Active Directory, not user accounts generated by IAM.

- **C** - Amazon VPC only lets you provision a logically isolated section of the AWS Cloud. This has nothing to do with user authentication or Active Directory.

## References

- http://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/id_roles_providers_saml.html
- https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/id_roles_providers.html
- https://tutorialsdojo.com/aws-identity-and-access-management-iam/

## Domain

Design Secure Architectures
